feat(explanation): introduce Anbox VHAL adpater (#209)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: explanation/aaos.md

The [Vehicle Abstraction Layer (VHAL)](https://source.android.com/docs/automotive/vhal) enables Android Automotive to communicate with and control the different vehicle hardware controls.

> Before the 1.24.0 release, if you created your own VHAL implementation by following the [instructions](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/android/custom-vhal/) and loaded it as an addon during the Android runtime, vehicle properties and configurations were not visible on the Anbox Cloud dashboard. With the 1.24.0 release, Anbox Cloud introduced a VHAL adapter that acts as a bridge between the Anbox runtime and the VHAL implementation for data transmission. The Anbox VHAL adapter processes messages sent from the Anbox runtime, performs operations against the VHAL implementation(such as retrieving a list of property configurations), and sends the results back to the Anbox runtime. As a result, vehicle properties and configurations are now visible on the Anbox Cloud dashboard for the third-party VHAL implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until the 1.24.0 release, if you created your own VHAL implementation by following the [our instructions for customising the Anbox VHAL](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/android/custom-vhal/) and loaded it as an addon during the Android runtime, vehicle properties and configurations were not visible on the Anbox Cloud dashboard. With the 1.24.0 release, Anbox Cloud has introduced a VHAL adapter that acts as a bridge between the Anbox runtime and the VHAL implementation for data transmission. 

The Anbox VHAL adapter processes messages sent from the Anbox runtime, performs operations against the VHAL implementation (such as retrieving a list of property configurations), and sends the results back to the Anbox runtime. As a result, vehicle properties and configurations are now visible on the Anbox Cloud dashboard for third-party VHAL implementations.
```

Author: Fixed as suggested.
Thanks

> If the third-party VHAL implementation is loaded during Android runtime, on the Anbox Cloud Dashboard, some vehicle property values may not be accessed, while others may not be editable due to [permission controls](https://source.android.com/docs/automotive/vhal/previous/properties#vehicle-props) that categorise vehicle properties as read-only, write-only, or read-write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if a third-party VHAL implementation is loaded during Android runtime, some vehicle property values may still not be accessible while others may not be editable, on the Anbox Cloud dashboard, due to [permission controls](https://source.android.com/docs/automotive/vhal/previous/properties#vehicle-props) that categorise vehicle properties as read-only, write-only, or read-write.
```
